hello I'm Tess welcome to the eat clean
series today I'm going to be showing you
how to make a really wonderful wintery
be true and dill fattoush to begin
preheat the oven to 180 degrees and pop
your pitcher and to roast about 10 to 15
minutes into a large bowl add your be
true cucumber spring onions and radishes
pop that to one side while you make the
dressing for this dressing add the
vinegar oliver buttermilk and sumac
together a mix season salt and pepper
and give it one final straw finally a
battle for the ball and then dress with
the dresser give everything really good
mixed together now when the pitcher is
done and out of the oven crumble that
over give it one final mix and you're
ready sir final thanks finish with a
little bit more black pepper and if
you've reserved some of the dressing and
just drizzle what's left over and there
you have it my delicious feature in
delta to your salad is absolutely
wonderful it's perfect served alone or
you can have it with my really lovely
muscles and maple first food now which
is an episode from earlier in this
series it's a really nice a compliment
to go with it fresh dingy full of flavor
I know you're going to love this recipe
see you again next time
you